---
title: "TOP 5 GADGETS FOR HEALTHY LIFESTYLE"
description: "Who doesn’t want to stay healthy and in a good shape? It’s not that easy to achieve, though, and we all know it. Needs some effort, getting into daily routine - exercises, some jogging..."
slug: "top-5-gadgets-lifestyle"
image: blog2.jpg
keywords: ""
categories:
    - ""
    - ""
date: 2017-10-31T21:28:43-05:00
draft: false
---

<div class="article_content clearfix"> <p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Who doesn’t want to stay healthy and in a good shape? It’s not that easy to achieve, though, and we all know it. Needs some effort, getting into daily routine - exercises, some jogging, gym, maybe yoga classes. It’s also about being healthy in the kitchen.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Getting rid of the products that bring us more harm than valuable nutrition. Today it’s easy to find loads of blogs or articles about what we should or shouldn’t eat, so I’m not about to tell you that you should exchange the sunflower oil into coconut or avocado oil. But what I can do is to give you some ideas about the gadgets that you might find useful and that can change your lifestyle into the more healthy one.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Of course, only having those gadgets on your shelf won’t change much. You need to apply some rules and of course, implement those items into your daily routine. That’s the theory. Now, let’s try to change theory into the real actions.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Here in <strong>Gadgetuni</strong>, we’ve found some items that we want to share with you, as we started using those and we find them really, really useful. Have a look at those and we hope you’ll have the same opinion as we have.</span></p>
<h2><a href="https://gadgetuni.com/products/portable-blender-bottle?utm_source=lifestyle&utm_medium=link" target="_blank" title="Portable Blender Bottle" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Portable Blender</span></a></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">I think we can all agree that there’s nothing better than a fresh juice or a smoothie in the morning. The problem is that we’re always in the rush nowadays and the only thing we do before leaving to school or to work is a coffee and a toast (or only coffee). We forget about the vitamins. So this item was created to allow us to prepare something nutritious and full of flavour sitting in front of the screen at the office or in the car. The portable blender bottle needs your favourite ingredients to be added and blended. No matter where you are. Delicious and healthy!</span></p>
<h2><a href="https://gadgetuni.com/products/infusion-water-bottle?utm_source=lifestyle&utm_medium=link" target="_blank" title="Infusion Water Bottle" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Infusion Water Bottle</span></a></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We consist mostly from water and we need good hydration constantly. Especially while on the move or during sport activities. Of course, we drink it but it has no flavour. That’s where the infusion water bottle comes into action. It’s a winner - not only adds some taste into the liquid but also minerals and vitamins from the favourite fruits. Refreshing, keeping us hydrated and energized.</span></p>
<h2><a href="https://gadgetuni.com/products/luoka-s2-smart-band?utm_source=lifestyle&utm_medium=link" target="_blank" title="Fitness Bracelet" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fitness Bracelet</span></a></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Healthy lifestyle is not only about nutrition. You have to combine it with some physical effort - signing up to a gym, yoga, pilates. Maybe going jogging or playing basketball with your friends every Wednesday (OK, it can also be Tuesday ;)). The point is, for sure you will be willing to know about your progress, as you want to achieve goals. Fitness bracelet is designed to help with that and to help you follow your progress. Tracking the steps, having your heart rate under control, checking your sleep phases - it all has an impact on your results. And with this gadget you can find it in one place.</span></p>
<h2><a href="https://gadgetuni.com/products/greens-stripper?utm_source=lifestyle&utm_medium=link" target="_blank" title="Greens Stripper" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Greens Stripper</span></a></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">And we’re back to the kitchen. Let’s be honest - we all love to eat. The only thing to remember about is to eat healthy (or just to keep balanced diet). We have to combine good balance between the amount of carbs, fats and proteins we consume daily. Also we should remember that vegetables are bringing us loads of good stuff, especially the greens. And we eat loads of salads. Greens Stripper comes here with help to get rid of stems. So no more chevy or bitter parts of the greens in the bowl!</span></p>
<h2><a href="https://gadgetuni.com/products/pineapple-slicer?utm_source=lifestyle&utm_medium=link" target="_blank" title="Pineapple Slicer" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Pineapple Slicer</span></a></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">I think we all deserved a dessert after all. Of course, the healthy one. And what can be better than a fresh slices of a pineapple? The only thing is… Fresh pineapple is a hassle. Slicing it, peeling it, cutting into pieces. Let’s be honest - after a long day, we don’t want it. So, the solution is a Pineapple Slicer. Works like a corkscrew, gets all the best out of pineapple. Everyone’s happy. Now you can call it a day. Put it on repeat and stay healthy!</span></p></div>